5/3/18 - This week we started the core files and interface of our app. We also set up our GitHub with a system of a main branch and two seperate branches for each of us in order to keep our development organized and keep our main app bug free. The biggest challenge this week has been beginning site scraping. Our app continues to throw an error that has no solutions on the developers website and none of the online fixes have worked. We are going to continue to work on keeping the development process as organized as possible and are going to try to continue to keep a good pace with the app while having hit this error wall.
5/10/19 - The error persisted so we have moved onto the Twitter API since it is much more well documented. We have also recieved the Twitter API key we had to apply for, but as with all APIs it challenging. For the user interface of the application it has also been a struggle designing it to look nice with border for images and getting them to line up correctly in the predefined navigation bar xml. Overall, this week was a lot of experimentation and not much actual result but we have learned alot especially with you being out a few days.
5/17/19 - This week was hard for us due to the time constraints of Keystones plus Brian and I both being out on Friday. However, with the clock winding down we needed to return to sitescrapping. In order to get over the insurmountable error we were facing Brian migrated to a new sitescrapping library called JSOUP and it has actually started working. We also polished the navigation bar pullout so that it looks much cleaner with the Doversd logo, new colors, and icons.
5/24/19 - This final week we have made major breakthroughs. We have been able to get the sitescrapping to actually put out just the information that is needed. We originally planned to lay it out in a table format, but after testing multiple different kinds of ways to make a table, predominantly RecyclerView, it has not worked and unfortunately we have to put it in one big list. We made last polishes of our content screens so that they look much more flavorful than just red backgrounds with text.
